everybody welcome back to Norton land
place binding Vizag after work plus the
Eden runs just can't be stopped we're
going for the baker's dozen today what's
that I thought you had a problem with
the phrase baker's dozen as good as you
talk sir
XZ b q r z0 c really bad rate of fire um
sorry really great rate of fire really
bad overall damage PhD is lovely if we
can get some pills that actually I mean
at this point HP up is probably the
safest bed but I mean a seven rate of
fire and I think that's just a raw stat
so that's actually the worst of the two
outcomes the other option would be that
it would be because of an item like you
know mom's perfume that lowers our tear
cap the reasoning is that it will keep
our tear cap at five so if yours upgrade
they're less likely to be worth
something right off the bat but but to
run especially now with the pickup of
the relic is really good with the
exception of our damage and the last run
started super strong so I'm not trying
to judge this run necessarily a hundred
percent based on the merits of our last
run which I don't think is fair seven
rate of fire makes up for our
inefficient damage right now that's all
I'm going to say about that is that you
know it's largely pretty positive so
we're going to use power pill and that
got the job done very easily well also
leaving us the chance of a we might as
well also leaving us the chance of a
good use of mom's bra in the future but
for now we do want to take explosive
diarrhea now that we have a little extra
HP we don't the sweated as much you take
explosive diarrhea and we're going to
try to get a second secret room and a
stone chest
worked out second secret room gave us
nothing and that at this point I feel
like we're safe to move onwards because
we have gotten the item room we might
eventually get enough money for the
shopper and arcade rate doesn't really
matter and honestly it turns out that we
were pretty lucky to get that HP upgrade
because we're rolling exclusively on
spirit house so I mean the gist of it
right now is that it really doesn't
matter we're in such a good spot and one
HP is about as good as like 4 HP right
now which I understand sounds like a
ridiculous claim and it may well be a
ridiculous claim but all I mean by that
is you know if we get nine lives or
Abaddonn or you know dark Judas or
something like that there's a few
different options on our deal with the
devil which is almost guaranteed on this
floor that are basically static it
doesn't matter what our HP is we're
going to be in the same position after
taking them so it's really really nice
to have more than zero HP that way we
can pay red hearts instead of spirit
hearts which are a little bit harder to
come by especially if we didn't have the
relic which obviously we do and well
yeah this situation is fine the only
thing we need is a damage upgrade and
that can happen pretty easily on this
run last run we fought a hush and mega
Satan so I have like every available
excuse not to do that on this run but
we'll see how things go I feel like I'm
in a groove like I'm in a I'm in a Zayn
groove we've had runs that have been fun
they've also been largely pretty strong
and usually right off the bat like we
haven't had too many runs that have
we've had to like you know scrounge up
from the freaking gutter and you know we
got like this run with no relic plus our
rate of fire being like 13 is where
things start to get problematic but
instead we got to you know have a rather
doubled rate of fire which is like
excellent for us
[Music]
anyway PhD is also great if you can find
a way to make it pop but you know that
you don't need me to tell you that we do
have an Isaac's room the like there's a
pipe dream for me and that's that like
even if this deal with the devil stinks
we get into Isaac's room blow up the the
carpet it has a black market we take an
item or two on the black market HP
depending and then we can sleep in the
bed and get three spirit arts back which
if we pay three spirit hearts for an
item from the black market then this
gives us three spirit arts back just for
sleeping in the bed so it's basically
like paying three bombs for two items
right one item I guess but still we need
one more bomb to make that trade
plausible and also it it's very very
unlikely to happen in the first place
because we're talking about you know
we're rolling like a d12 and we have to
hit what's like winking snake eyes one
one is snake eyes I want one too on my
b12 I want to 12 but anyway I don't
think I've ever rolled of d12 to be
honest with you I've rolled I've rolled
many different kinds of dices certainly
a d6 definitely a d20 because they're
commonly used as life counters in magic
gathering but I don't know about a d12
that's that's a little bit more on the
on the side of dice I don't know if I've
ever held in my hands to be honest with
you the even baby is good and it is a
damage upgrade but I don't know if it's
good enough
you should not necessarily have taken
lunch yet but I'd be again it's fairly
minor the mark by the way really nice
for us I would say it has taken our
damage to a point that is okay we should
have probably popped to a spades first
in fact it's better than okay and the
main reason it's better than okay is
because our rate of fire is just
disgustingly good sure sack of pennies
is very solid and we've got enough keys
thanks to the two of spades even though
we botched the two of spades play
obviously it's going to leave us in a
position where
we can pick up something from our shop
even if it is just a consumable and
another bomb and spirit are there is
acceptable Larry jr. should melt here we
got enough bombs to make Isaac's room
work if the dream actually comes through
I will ball out on Isaac's room because
if it's a black market that is I will
ball out because we're getting so many
spirit hearts anyway two items for one
red heart and then three spirit has
almost no effect whatsoever on our on
our HP from a functional standpoint I
mean literally obviously it has some
effect but from like a functional
standpoint you know we we only need like
X HP to survive right now where X is
probably like one but we shouldn't get
that low anyway we kept three bombs for
a reason
the crack into these two here it's a
stinky Isaac's room which is no good and
that's just a portal to the next floor
so honestly we're just going to go we
don't need to go to our shop with ten
cents there's a possible chance of an
item but unlikely to matter too much
yeah I don't know what I was thinking
there I'll just own up to it I think I
thought if I just ran fast enough I
wouldn't get hit by the spikes but then
I would have gotten here by the spikes
on the way out unless we had the perfect
diagonal so it was it was a whiff but
anyway it doesn't matter I don't know
what to say honestly it's one of those
situations where I almost feel like I
should apologize for the quality of the
run right now because it we've had
probably like close to 11 or 12 runs out
of 13 that have not really been super
difficult and on a couple of them I
played like like actual garbage like I
don't know why I'm whispering it is if
you can't just turn up your volume but
yeah it played like like serious trash
on some of these not this one this one's
been fine even though there's been a
little bit of brain fart action lately
um but yeah I mean it's just it's the
innate Canadian inside of me that's like
I'm sorry I'm not in more misery for
your entertainment right now but on the
flip side I think of the commentaries
been nice as a result you know we talked
about a lot of things I've probably made
myself look like a monster because I
didn't buy the
a homeless lady at McDonald's that meal
when she asked me to even though you
know I certainly do have the means but
it's like I don't know I guess guess it
makes me uh maybe I just got to accept
that I'm then I am a little calloused in
that nature you know and calloused I
think is good word I previously you know
baby soft skin has become the hardens to
the outside world as a result of
multiple abrasions or is that just a
good excuse to close yourself off I
don't know ten bombs is good when we
have zero but I don't think it's good
enough dog tooth on the other hand might
only be like effect it's not a I think
it's a raw damage increase not a
proportional damage increase so this
isn't really fair to say but at least
right now it's like a ten percent damage
up and we don't have the bombs necessary
to use the special effect of it but I
think that it's one of those things that
guarantees those kind of some future
prospects as long as we have bombs to
make it pop it's hard for me to say no
to a damage upgrade even when that
damage upgrade is kind of not that good
like I've kind of I know people are like
Isaac talk really been sleeper but I
understand where you're coming from play
this game enough but one of the hard
things for media used to or at least
come to terms with recently is the idea
that I probably over eight like all
damage upgrades most of like what is
responsible for most of our wins on an
attribute standpoint I honestly think
it's probably mostly like a couple of
really good damage upgrades like if we
win this run the mark right now at least
from the way things are looking is like
a 10 out of 10 and the relic is like a
10 out of 10 how much of our win is
dogtooth responsible for 1% 2% I mean
it's kind of an abstract thing to
measure to begin with but I think you
might understand what I'm saying it's
like you know in the electoral college
map you know the mark is like winning
New York it's like 30-something
electoral college seats right votes
whatever you call them in the US but um
and
then like dogtooth is like winning
Nebraska is like nine votes or something
like that is not worth nothing it's nice
to have remember I chose to have it you
know and of course in the democracy is
supposed to represent the will of people
in blah blah blah but I'm just saying
like there are there are items that are
disproportionately useful which is
obvious but then you got to think like
well maybe we should go a little harder
on our donation machine or sorry our
reroll machine to make those happen but
this is inside baseball that is honestly
probably like 99% irrelevant on a run in
which we have decent damage we're ahead
of the curve and we are also rockin the
relic which is I don't want to say makes
us unstoppable but it makes us hard to
stop be really nice to kill a few of
these guys before they went down words
obviously didn't necessarily come to
fruition
we need more damage if mom's bra is
going to be good it's very much like a
rich get richer sort of item if you
wanted to actually work for you the
thing is like almost every item in the
game gets better as the items around it
get better so it's a little bit of a
misnomer to be like oh you know this
item gets better when you run gets
better because that's it describes
almost every item in Isaac I think like
sugar would for example you know if your
run is bad shoopdawhoop is not as good
as it would be if your run was good
assuming it's bad because of a damage
reason anyway oh mantras on a hundred
percent yes rate of fire is going to
suffer but not really because it's only
our rate of fire if we didn't have
monstro as long as what's suffering we
got to keep it we could have pushed it
but it's also fine we need to keep these
bombs for dogtooth but crack into it see
what's going on here there's a secret
room over here it seems
they will not allow me to exit which I
disapprove of I am an adult and can do
what I want we want to do the room
regardless because I mean as you just
saw a they were going to get like two
out of four relic charges which are in
the background here for doing this room
so I mean honestly the team deserves a
lot of credit for this move if we're
going to drag on Nicholas Firth thank
you for giving me an easy exit if you're
going to rag on Nicholas for like every
nerf that they add to the game or like
oh well like six of the items have
exactly the same sprite just rotated a
little bit I understand those concerns
by the way but we should give them
credit for instituting a very logical
change which in this case was making it
so that you get charges well you're on
the the mob and boss Trap rooms always
just seemed logical to me to begin with
and a good change I think again making
good progress here but so be a great
floor to get a deal with the devil that
puts us over the top like Sylvester
Stallone you know what
hell yeah exactly like Sylvester
Stallone hey should you go for me
Sylvester what are you doing here hey
you're just using the means of
production
oh yeah the Communist Manifesto so
that's just alone I try to keep the show
apolitical hey no the MiGs little about
redistributing the wealth is a matter
this Sylvester your net worth is a
hundred and ten million dollars are you
sure you want to go through with this
subdued you laughing priceless your
videos is messy good so let's get out of
here Sylvester you're creating an
uncomfortable tone on the show is really
apologetic about dead well well thank
you I suppose okay let's I can't believe
we didn't get hit on that room we did
get the obvious which is horror Babylon
very very good
we have the relic which allows us to
support this Whore of Babylon state like
forever so
I did somebody auto service to 1960
there are Michael Caine who was
impression I've forgotten how to do
that's right it's me 1960s Michael Caine
can you name a movie I was in in the
1960s
Northern Line think you will I mean the
original Italian Job that's correct the
original Italian Job wasn't always old
man Alfred Pennyworth you know used to
be a womanizer oh now I've got a little
Sean Connery in my voice for some reason
not good at impressions I always like
there's a bit of like a turn up your
nose sort of thing I had comedy that
involves impressions it's like oh that's
that's for you know the proletariat I
only listen to anti comedy like Nirvana
the band the show which actually have
seen it I think is quite funny I'm not
turning up my nose at that but I'm see
come on is it hipster comedy for certain
and if you can't embrace that we're at a
point of cell phone awareness that means
you shouldn't laugh at anything to begin
with can't laugh at yourself but you
know I think that's there's also a
little element of jealousy there which
is like I wish I could do some good
impressions the Sylvester Stallone
impression is not worth it like it's not
it's not what get excited about because
it's just so easy it's like doing an
Arnold Schwarzenegger impression you
know everyone has like at least a 6 out
of 10 Arnold Schwarzenegger impression
cuz you just go you'll put that cookie
down now you're like whoa that's that's
Arnold Schwarzenegger most of the time
he's actually you know probably like
I'll have the Reuben sandwich please
you know did you just that's a line that
he said in a cartoonish voice that's a
little played out Sylvester is the same
way because if you ever run out of stuff
to say in the Sylvester Stallone
impression you just go hey
[Music]
and people go haha yes that's right
that's what he sounds like
hey everyone made you sound like an
idiot even though I won an Oscar for
Best Original Screenplay in 1970 and we
Rockies universally disrespected it's
kind of a brain dead franchise despite
the first couple of movies beyou great
story about a working-class man to rise
above adversity you know it's rocky gets
a bad rap man but I've gone down that
road too many times I was seven cents
why not I try to get people to respect
Rocky it's an uphill battle to some
extent so I go hey respect Rocky and
they go yeah but what about the one in
which she's like 62 years old and he's
fighting that 25 year old man isn't that
patently ridiculous so that's the point
of the freakin movie you think dong is
that Rocky the whole time is going I
don't know I just kidding Webb gray
smashed in you know and they're like but
you know this might be your last hurrah
Rocky like this might be your last stab
and you know your whole life has been
defined by being a good boxer and now
Father Time is cruelly pushing you out
of your spot at the top you know this
might be your last stab and you know a
reminiscing about what your past life is
like they're not they don't play the
movie straight like all right Rock
here's this weakness you just gotta you
know punch them in the testicles and you
got him you okay Micky you know they're
it's actually it's a heartfelt I'll be a
not perfect movie about you know growing
old when you're when the value you've
derived from society is very much you
know tailored to a young man's game but
you know people just I mean it's like
ten years old at this point a movie
might be respected but at the time the
discourse quote-on-quote was definitely
like there's no way Rocky can be you
know mason-dixon of course have you seen
them look at 28-year old professional
boxer in the prime shape of his life of
course is a big mason-dixon
point is he doesn't have to beat
mason-dixon he just has to beat
society's prejudice about what it means
to be like a cast-off professional
athlete he just has to beat expectations
and that's enough but even that who
knows if it's going to come to fruition
anyway I haven't seen a Creed yet but I
hear that it's amazing okay we're on the
crop list so it's really it becomes up
to us how we want to handle this I would
love to get an early teleport card I'm
optimistic about our chances given the
number of sacks on this room devil card
is not a teleport card Wheel of Fortune
is not a teleport card to luck upgrades
is all amazing
so devil strength and Wheel of Fortune
so sadly no teleport card so plenty of
time to make this deal with the devil
that I've never been like you might be
saying NL this is the movies not worth
it I just I get annoyed when people
think by default they're smarter than
media there's a lot of media that it's
easy to be smarter than it like if you
watch the happening and you go this is
trash then you're like you know make fun
of it but I had like the most tilted
moment of my young hipster life in my
first year of university and this is you
know now at this point 11 years ago so
I'm not holding the grudge people change
or even if they don't doesn't matter
just a stupid trivial like anecdote
anyway but my favorite movie of all time
at the time and still to this day
perhaps because it's wonderful is Evil
Dead 2 it's great mix of horror and
satire
it's very intelligently made I'm a big
fan of that movie and I was like you
know what I'm in college with
like-minded people here let's have a
little movie night and we'll watch Evil
Dead 2 I own turn on DVD because I
wanted to respect the creator even
though he did go on to make spider-man 3
and insult my intelligence
hell we're going to take them both here
anyway the point is I watched it and
it's not meant to be bad that's like
that's ignoring the situation GIMP is
really nice here but it's meant to be
silly it's silly in tone
and the people that I was watching it
with not all of them but some of them
were like hey look at how silly this
thing is don't these filmmakers know how
to make a movie and I progressed first I
was like haha but like you know it's
meant to be silly and then progressively
over the course of the of the evening I
got I wouldn't say mad but like more and
more annoyed where I was eventually like
you know what let me just stop why does
the movie if you don't like it and I
know we having a good time making fun of
it it's like it's a testament to my own
inability to chill out in that situation
but it was a personal nightmare for me I
just say I get so mine flooded when
people are watching a movie and they
don't even give it a chance they just go
isn't that stupid you might be saying NL
what about your treatment of Prometheus
look first off I respect you for trying
to get me to do some self analysis it's
a very valid valuable trait I think I'm
just going to not go too boss rush we're
going to be slightly too slow and that's
okay and I gave Prometheus a chance
genuinely you know even we're talking
like 90% of the way through the movie
Charlize Theron has that moment you know
what I'm talking about railroads like
just run to the side even then I was
like I you know I'm willing to give it a
shit was only after it was over that I
turned to Kate and when that was like
really stupid and bad I gave it I gave
it a chance but every subsequent time
that I've watched it I've been like this
is exceedingly stupid
I recognize that if you're a fan of four
media's probably it's annoying to hear
me brag on that movie all the time so
I'm not not I'm just using it as an
example of at least being a little
self-aware but yes if I said to say
that's like my number one pet peeve at
the same thing like and this is my back
as I never should have selected this
movie but one hungover afternoon and
university everyone was like let's watch
a movie and I was like oh you guys seen
the good the bad and the ugly one of my
favorite movies and you know there's
great moments in that that you make you
sort of forget that it is actually it's
opens with like 45 minutes of just like
a single shot of a cactus in the desert
basically you know it's got that yet
Wow Wow and then it's got the legacy of
gold at the end of it you know if you're
going to shoot just shoot don't talk
it's got some great moments in it then
like it's it's extremely slow-paced in a
way that is good if you're watching it
you know in the right environment but
we're like really should have just
watched a like bulletproof monk or
something like that instead they ever I
was like this movie stinks why isn't so
revered and I'm like hey guys you got it
hey it's a patient film I understand but
like gives us you know so I did take
brimstone brimstone monster as long as
kind of fun so basically I'm an idiot
who you know at least at this stage in
my life I now recognize the importance
of the phrase read the room reading the
room is very important you know if
you're in a room full of toddlers you
know oh let's watch Django Unchained
that's going to invite some questions
you may not want to answer and if it's a
room full of you know 17 year olds and
you're the only one self-important
enough to be the kind of hipster that's
like let's watch you know Rashomon you
know you're maybe I just kept company
that I shouldn't have kept in my first
year of university like some of these
people are still my friends but person
I'm thinking of with whom I watched Evil
Dead 2 like 8 of us also watched The
Departed together right after it came
out and she was like I didn't really get
it I thought it was just sort of like
just a generic action movie you know
it's a generic action movie my butthole
it's me Frank Costello
don't stop till you're numb you know
another impression it's a little too
easy to be bad Apple get credit for but
the woman is also probably three times
smarter than I am genuinely this is not
just me being selfish to then make
myself look like the good guy in the
situation by being complimentary I don't
think she and I aren't on the same
spectrum with respect to movies if
anything I think I've probably moved
closer to her spectrum for movies since
that point not that we've ever kept in
touch but you know I was like what does
this mean for the meta cinematic you
know medium she was just like
I really like Alexis Bledel and there's
a thing is I am the dick in a situation
because it took me way too long to
realize that that's actually totally
fine anyway
that's a very classic little
encapsulated northernlion bit there well
I would like to oh I will pay the iron
price for this I don't know if that was
worth it but I didn't really want the
body to mess up our existing HP and
Whore of Babylon for that matter anyway
yeah it's the perfect northernlion
anecdote because it starts out by
vilifying somebody else much to the
point of a grand izing myself and then
it loops back around to I'm being
condescending in the first place and we
all leave feeling better about ourselves
maybe I don't know it's like there's a
little irony and self-awareness
encapsulated there anyway
yeah I'm studying to my final because
you need to tell them how many times of
said encapsulation
I got roasted man somebody on stream
asked me what polymorphism was and
instead of describing what polymorphism
was I described the purpose of
overloaded functions and then they went
like NL are you sure like you know what
you're talking to come on polymorphism
and function overloading are similar
enough that you don't have to ask if I'm
okay because I messaged two fairly
simple things to get confused I
understand error of my ways now probably
morphisms when an object of a derived
class can also act as an object of any
of its base classes sorry the opposite
when an object of a base class can
operate as an object of any of its
derived classes but not vice versa due
to the is a nature of composition
whereas overloaded function calls at
runtime look at the number and types of
the arguments in that you guys see a
like a
just stop just stop
BAE I'm in computer science 101 I'm 12
by the way okay what do we got going on
here
free to play by the way let me in I'm
ready dude you got freaking lagged out
there okay it's a two room hi I mean
certainly take the room
it's not that good but I'll live with it
and then reroll everything else and then
come if all this feels pretty good
Arawak is irrelevant also sounds like a
foot and Pokemon just pop the Sun then
we got chariot wheel of fortune' Arawak
Arawak I know marelok is Pokemon okay
I'm just want maybe Wheel of Fortune I
think that's probably the the outcome we
would choose to go with ideally at this
point
this run is beyond great in case that's
not obvious I mean if you're looking we
have brimstone good damage monstro as
long as a little silliness factor it's
the second runner in row which we've got
booked a Belial actually which it
doesn't happen all that often used to be
and think back to the glory days book of
Belial used to guarantee you a deal with
the devil
I now progressed so far past that point
that I had forgotten to even talk about
it but yet there is like a people
kicking up a fuss there like book of
Belial now just gives you like a 25%
extra devil deal chance it's so much
worse now and it is is still pretty good
but it used to be like a bookable i'll
showed up it's like a viable alternative
choice it because previously you're like
oh i got something that gives me spirit
hearts once every six rooms I'm just
going to take that always but yeah I
Alice lead like I don't like that nerf
that much because to this day is still
like it's not horrendous but it is made
a book of Belial just like a slightly
upper middle tier space bar item instead
of what it used to be which was like a
transformative item and I like that
because of the transformative item on
the offensive side which there wasn't a
whole heck of a lot of in this in the
space bar space before I mean to be
honest with you
experimental treatment gave us HP so I'm
going to pop this and look for a red
heart first off we can get some HP back
but I want to get back to permanent
polar invincibility if possible it's not
like this is precluding us from making
the hush fight which is completely
sensible still this is a little like
inside baseball we don't have to do this
but health up unfortunately does not
give us a red heart
so doesn't help us right now although if
we got two red hearts that dropped we
could then maybe take both of these or
these boats or Whedon's not like we want
Plan C anyway which people have been
telling me Loki by underrate Plan C a
little bit
I can respect that apparently Plan C
plus nine lives basically allows you to
just systematically destroy every boss
on planet earth but at the same time why
would you ever most of the time language
you want to give up eight lives to kill
eight bosses bosses are sometimes like
the easiest part but I think that's I
have like a personal chip on my shoulder
about Plan C perhaps come on dude just a
read I got 2.65 luck you're giving me
consumables but you're not giving me the
consumables I want you're losing me my
jury okay grab this grab ten boom boom
boom booter do again we could have made
a show out of taking both but who cares
and I don't really want to fight hush
but I will because lusty blood is
actually going to allow us to get to
like infinity damage and by infinity I
mean probably like 18 eventually so
hopefully we get some decent stuff here
I don't like kidney stone anymore
anarchists cookbook is bad but yeah I
was thinking as May daily a bookworm
probably doesn't give us double the
number of shots but I'm assuming it
might give us one extra shot from time
to time I think I'd rather have the
occasional spiders at this point sack of
sacks is good I hit the sack been too
long I'm glad to be back I was let loose
from the noose that kept me a hanging
around try the ac/dc lyrics are probably
the band whose lyrics sound the most
ridiculous if you say them in like a
lounge voice yeah back in the back of a
Cadillac number one with the bullet I'm
a magic Mack I don't think he says magic
Mack but you know your magic back let's
go from the news that kept me hanging
around something like that's not that
bad you go amid the lovely the sky just
getting me high forget the house cuz
I'll never die that mean obviously like
he sings about 15 octaves above me can
we tell the pills
I mean should seen that coming I was
going to say could we tell the pills
into a narrow room that makes them so we
don't to do this fight but dude swallow
penny is a more fun item regardless
which is actually crooked penny which is
actually dad's omegap any bad mama Willa
[Music]
forgot it in sack of sacks which
everyone hated second sex oh please get
to the phase in which you summon enemies
so I can build up at least a book of
belial level of damage from smacking
yeah y'all so nice we got to make a
decision what do you think should we
should be aim at him should be aim in
the opposite direction like aiming at
him is guaranteed to hit with at least
one of the the brimstone lasers but
sometimes if we aim in the other
direction seems like we would we would
get more value out of it I don't know
that I think we should just aim at him
and stop overthinking the situation
but the closer we can stand without
actually touching him the more beams
have a chance to land their shots
because they come out it like
essentially whether or not the beam hits
hush is a product of the angle at which
the beam leaves our body and the the
tolerance factor becomes way higher the
closer you get you know there's like a
hundred and eighty degrees that will
actually hit him and hit him instead of
like where we're standing right now
where there's like 30 degrees that'll
actually hit him we've taken more hits
than I would have expected here but I
think we came down with 12 HP so
shouldn't sweat it too much yet
I hope we're safe here
seems optimistic I think that was my own
like three dollar bill or I think we
have fruitcake but their own fruitcakes
here
it's getting a little dangerous but GIMP
is helping out no doubt
usually means he's going away for a
minute unfortunately just awesome just
awesome dude not one of my strongest
hush fights ever bud we're live and
we're going to come through with like
what seems to be yet another like
completely decent win here to be honest
we weren't even that low I would like to
pick up worthwhile card like I'd like to
if I'm being honest go back to the
previous card which was fortune teller
or wheel of fortune sorry
for now that's not happening and that's
okay sorry my voice got absolutely
shredded by the ac/dc impression I'm
like I need to go see a doctor that's a
bit of hyperbole but you know I record a
lot of episodes on a daily basis too
many to be honest with you it's it's
selfish I record them because it's work
and it's fun so I can justify it but I
do sometimes worry like wonder if I'm
doing like long-term damage to my voice
there are I mean there are probably
careers that are more vocally stressful
but for the most part I'm just having a
conversation here but you know take it
from someone that that taught for a
while teaching was not nearly as
stressful on the voice and you spent a
lot of time talking as a teacher but you
definitely rarely do you spend 50
minutes rambling and you know
occasionally shouting and screaming like
you know admittedly I'm just going to
tell you straight up in case this makes
you angry I am NOT ever going to ignore
the chest to go to the Delirium floor
because there's no point the void is
guaranteed items but it's way more of a
risk and it's less fun so like I will
just go find magazine again but it's
very hilarious because I said that
there's no way I'm gonna do mega satan
again on this room but and hush for that
matter but I will do the void
occasionally if it shows up after blue
baby if the run feels right but like I'm
insulted for the most part when it shows
up after the after the Cathedral I
really think that as time goes on the
worst part of after birth plus from the
perspective of somebody who makes videos
of this is the way that they implemented
the void as like a percentage based
chance I really don't like it because it
makes me the bad guy for being like hey
r-run stinks but they're offering us a
semi unusual opportunity to go to an
alternate floor like I I don't have a
better solution but I also you know
don't make 70% of each sale of this game
so I don't think that's necessarily my
job but I don't think it's handle to the
point where like ruins the game it's
just annoying when you'd like you got to
be like well I would prefer to not
actively choose to almost have a
guarantee chance to lose because the
Delirium the void I should know at the
Delirium that I'm talking about the boss
in this case is just like a super bullet
sponge that also tell if rags use so I'm
not particularly salty about it but I do
think that I I don't think it was
handled the proper way
so there's so many exits for Isaac at
this point but hey thanks for watching
really enjoyed the episode reading click
the like button helps out a great deal
of course subscribe you wanna see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time